Docs 7996 add kerberos example to HDFS (#746)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/hdfs/hdfs-connector-examples.adoc

> = Hadoop (HDFS) - Examples - Mule 4

Reviewer: Anypoint Connector for Hadoop (HDFS) > HDFS Connector? or Hadoop (HDFS) Connector?

> = Hadoop (HDFS) - Examples - Mule 4

Reviewer: Should this title include "Connector"? I can't remember....
```suggestion
= Hadoop (HDFS) Connector - Examples - Mule 4
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

== Create a Text File in HDFS

> The following example shows how to use the connector to create a text file in HDFS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to use the connector to create a text file in Apache Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS).
```

Reviewer: Is there just one example?

Author: Yep

> . In Anypoint Studio, click *File > *New > Mule Project*, name the project, and click *Finish*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Anypoint Studio, click *File > New > Mule Project*, name the project, and click *Finish*.
```

. In the *Mule Palette* search field, type `http`.
. Drag the *HTTP > Listener* operation to the canvas.

> . In *General* settings, click the green plus sign on the right of *Connector Configuration*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *General* settings, click the green plus sign (+) to the right of *Connector Configuration*.
```

> . In the next screen, click *OK* to accept the default settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *OK* to accept the default settings. 
```

. In *Path*, enter `/createFile`.
. In the *Mule Palette* search field, type `hdfs`. 
. Drag the HDFS *Write* operation to the canvas.

> . Set the *Path* to `/test.txt` and leave the default values for the other options. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Set *Path* to `/test.txt` and leave the default values for the other options. +
```

> This is the path of the file that HDFS will create. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the path of the file that HDFS creates. 
```

> . Right-click in the project's canvas and select *Run project* to start the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Right-click in the project canvas and select *Run project* to start the application.
```

> . From an HTTP client such as Postman or curl, make a POST request and set the value for `Content-type:plain/text` to `+localhost:8081/createFile+` with the content you want to write as a payload.  +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From an HTTP client such as Postman or curl, make a POST request, set the value for `Content-type:plain/text` to `+localhost:8081/createFile+`, and add the content you want to write as a payload, as shown in the following example:  +
```
Is that correct: create POST, change content type, and then typing the actual content?

> For example: + 

Reviewer: GLOBALLY avoid using this fragment.

`curl -X POST -H "Content-Type:plain/text" -d "payload to write to file" localhost:8090/createFile`

> . Use Hadoop explorer to verify that the `/test.txt` file has been created and has your content.

Reviewer: the HDFS explorer?
an HDFS explorer (diff. companies offer these?)
```suggestion
. Use a Hadoop explorer to verify that the `/test.txt` file exists and contains your content.
```
